::::::::::::::::::: STALINGRAD :::::::::::::::::::

Filename:	stalingrad.bsp
Author:		Justin "StormShadow" Ingels
Website:	http://www.planetquake.com/stormshadow
Email:		stormshadow@planetquake.com or justiningels@hotmail.com
ICQ:		135532353
Release Date:	3/24/2004

Description:	Multiplayer map for Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory

Story:		The Axis have taken control over large portions of the Russian city of Stalingrad. In order to 
		re-take the city, the Allies must gain control of a small neighborhood on the western side of 
		the city.  This area is a key strategic position, from which the allies hope to launch further
		missions deeper into the city.  However, being aware of the importance of this area, the axis
		have placed two jagdpanther tanks somewhere within this area, which must be destroyed in order for
		the allies to move in their own tanks, and secure the area.

Objectives:

Allies:
1) capture munitions depot spawn
2) build command post
3) destroy upper wall
4) destroy main gate to secure munitions depot spawn
5) destroy east tank
6) destroy west tank
7) prevent axis from building ccommand post/destroy axis command post

Axis:
1) defend forward spawn
2) prevent allies from building command post
3) defend uper wall
4) defend main gate
5) defend east tank
6) defend west tank
7) build axis command post


Technical Info:	
	Construction:	GtkRadiant-ET-1.4.0 w/q3map2
			Easygen v_142
			Adobe Photoshop 7.0

Credits:	
		Textures:
			Standard ET textures and sky courtesy of Splash Damage
			Most of the brick and concrete textures are from www.shaderlab.com
			Some brick and concrete textures are from BerneyBoy - www.planetquake.com/berneyboy
		Command map:
			M Schaffer (you da man!)
		Thanks to:
			All the friendly folks at Splash Damage forums for comments, criticisms, and technical help.
			Everyone at Burial-Grounds.com forums for feedback.
			Special thanks to M. Schaffer and ][ET-S][Cartman for all their help.
						
			
Notes:		a) There are a bunch of neat (and useful) jumps on this map.. try and find 'em :)
		b) Many of the roofs are accessible.  Some are accessible by climbing up pipes (like the factory and the
		church for instance).  

Hope you enjoy the map!